we are interrupting that report to take
you live to the United Nations where
we're hearing from the Secretary General
Antonio gues speaking at a uh pledging
conference for the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees let's listen
in gaps in respect for international
humanitarian
law gaps in recognition of universal
human rights and dignity for
all and for Palestinians in Gaza not
just a gap
but death destruction and a total
breakdown in Law and
Order just when we thought it couldn't
get any worse in Gaza somehow
appallingly civilians are being pushed
into ever deeper circles of
hell recent days have brought yet more
evacuation orders by Israeli
authorities yet more Ian
suffering and yet more
Bloodshed Palestinians in Gaza keep
being forced to move like human
pinballs across a landscape of
Destruction and
death the extreme level of fighting and
Devastation is incomprehensible and
inexcusable and the level of chaos is
affecting every Palestinian in Gaza and
all those desperately trying to get Aid
to
them nowhere is
safe everywhere is a potential Killing
Zone it is high time for the parties to
show the political courage and political
will to finally reach a
deal
excellencies nothing justifies the
horrific attacks by Hamas on October the
7th and nothing justifies the collective
punishment of the Palestinian
people yet Palestinians including of
course Palestine
refugees are inuring the deadliest
period since the agency's
creation and we are all painfully aware
the horor has not spared un
colleagues
195 un staff members have been
killed the highest staff death stall in
un history
and many of
them were killed together with their
families and loved
ones and run is also being targeted in
other ways staff have been subject to
increasingly violent protests and
virulent misinformation and
disinformation
campaigns some have been detained by
Israeli security forces and subsequent
subsequently reported
mistreatment and even
torture in the occupied West Bank the
presence and movements of un Personnel
have been severely restricted by Israeli
authorities yet despite these and other
obstacles in impossible conditions and
in the midst of their own grief the
women and men of HRA have bravely
continued their work in whatever way
they
can they are the backbone of
humanitarian operations in
Gaza and can you
imagine what it must be like to be in
this
situation can you imagine how our
colleagues wake up day after day in a
living Nightmare and still deliver for
Palestinians in desperate
need because I
cannot there are doctors nurses
counselors Engineers drivers and so many
others all demonstrating incredible
courage and
solidarity and they are continuing to
deliver un's mandate in Desperate
circumstances in Gaza while un also
strives to deliver in an increasingly
challenging situation in the occupied
West Bank including East Jerusalem and
in Jordan Lebanon and Syria champing
human development
and human
rights
excellencies hopelessness is the
greatest Ally of
instability and the work of unra is one
of the greatest factors providing hope
and stability across this troubled
region without the necessary support and
financing to unra Palestine refugees
will lose a critical lifeline and the
last L of hope for a better future
to those of you who have already pledged
support I thank you and my appeal to
everyone is this protect unwa protect
un's staff and protect un's mandate
including through
funding and let me be clear there is no
alternative to
un we are working on all fronts to
implement the recommendations of the
Katherine Colona report by strengthening
wondrous work and risk management
mechanisms now is also the time to work
on all fronts to support unas critical
Mission and now is the time to bring an
end to this terrible War starting with
an IM immediate humanitarian ceasefire
in Gaza and an immediate and
unconditional release of all
hostages ultimately only a political
solution can bring an end to this
conflict conflict when that realizes a
vision of two states Israel and
Palestine living side by side in peace
and security with Jerusalem as the
capital of both
States I urge you to act and act now and
to instill hope in a place where it is
in short
supply act to uphold the Mandate of this
General Assembly to sustain
un act in
solidarity with
refugees and all the Palestinian people
and I thank
[Music]
you I should like to thank the Secretary
General for his
statement and I will now make some
remarks of my own to now Mr Antonio guer
Secretary General of the United
Nations Mr Philip lazarini commissioner
general of
unra excellencies ladies and gentlemen
as president of the general
assembly I have consistently emphasized
that the work and impact of the United
Nation we have been listening there to
the United Nations Secretary General
Antonio gues speaking at an annual
pledging conference for the United
Nations relief and works Agency for
Palestinian refugees better known